# Final-JavaFX
Movie Maintenance Application in JavaFX

I need help with this assignment and to finish it by 10PM tonight. It is a final and I have had an absolutely horrible experience with my school. I was supposed to be getting an AS Degree with this being my last class in Computer Programming and Web Development. But none of the classes for the first 80% taught anything then how to make variables and do basic math in several different languages, repeating the same basics over and over until it got to Java one and two in which they kicked everything into high speed. I had been looking forward to these classes, but once I finally started taking them I quickly realized that I was not going to be taught, I was handed a book like in most the rest of my classes (I was supposed to be taking on campus classes in the first place) and told to learn. No videos or anything to assist and that was very upsetting as I could have done that on my ow! It defeats the entire purpose of me paying for these calsses in the first place, especially with all the online material available these days. 

TLDR I need to make this JavaFX program by 10 eastern tonight or I will fail. I had been working and working on trying to do all the homework I was unable to do, getting no where when it came to javaFX. I was doing "OK" with basic java but just not able to get passed a certain point. Ultimately if I am able to pass this class, I am not going to apply for a job anywhere, I am instead going to continue my education to a four year degree. But to do this I need to pass this class first. I honestly dont know what will happen if I am unable to complete it, as I am 30 years old and I had thought this was my last chance at making something of myself. I am depressed as one can be, and feel helpless. If anyone can assist, I will be forever grateful, and you would have no idea what youve done by assisting. 
